REVISED COPY

Everything you can imagine is real. ~ Picasso

Midwestern Ontario Draperies is fast becoming the interior decor and drapery answer for many local businesses. Everyone from savvy homeowners to Bed and Breakfasts, Hotel and Motel owners, have discovered the affordable opportunities presented by Midwestern Ontario Draperies.

Julie Redmond, owner and driving creative force behind the new local business, offers everyone the unique opportunity to upgrade, upscale and upcycle their current decor and window coverings. From small decor projects  to large scale renovations, she will help create high quality, custom window dressings that you’ll love for years to come.

Different facets of 25 years expertise include custom draperies and blinds, coordinated bedding, upholstered headboards and the reupholstery of small furniture to help complete the vision.

When your current window coverings become tired and worn looking, they may not need a complete overhaul, but just a refresh with a new design. Midwestern Ontario Draperies will work with existing fixtures and hardware to offer a new, upgraded look for a reasonable cost, especially when working within tight budgets. A small change could result in maximum rewards!

Midwestern Ontario Draperies is also available for a “Drapery House Call” to help repair dropped hems, small tears or hardware adjustments, right on site.

Feel free to contact Julie for a free consultation at 519.525.2143


ORIGINAL COPY
----

The target customers are the homeowners, owners/managers of accomodation services and institutions in Midwestern Ontario who require draperies, bedding and decor.  Together we create a competive image with the intention of upscaling and increasing traffic flow.  Our customers appreciate our timeliness, high quality and reasonable pricing.  Our biggest asset is the ability to create beautiful rooms using existing fixtures and within tight budgets.
 
Many small hotels and motels have been facing large competition and when bookings decline it is nearly impossible to put finances into upgrading.  
 
Larger institutions also require maintenance and often do not have the time or budget to get it all done. 
 
Our business travels on site to see the job and discuss with the clients face to face.  
 
We focus on using creative and innovative brainstorming to create an entire new image on a small budget.  Promoting uniqueness that entices guests and encourages these guests to return and refer others.
 
 In this scenario, we can provide on site service.  Together with the maintenance department, hospitals can take down, repair, and rehang a curtain with little disruption to the patient.  Additional services include minor repairs to blankets and other textiles to extend the usage of them.
 
Travelling with books and ideas to lay out in the rooms to be decorated.  It puts the package together and helps perceive the final outcome.  Instead of placing orders online from different companies without seeing the product, this is a multi-company representation to offer high quality and best pricing.
 
Competitors in midwestern Ontario are furniture/painting stores in offering goods sewn or purchased from factory.  The sizes vary from mom and pop shops to large box stores.  The larger stores can offer lower prices, however, they are not able to custom fit and install these draperies.  They lack the uniqueness of creating things with fabric and finding everyones individual style.  With being able to cover all areas a business might require; draperies, blinds, bedding, towels, pillows, accents and awnings, the whole picture comes to life eventually saving the customer time and money.
 
To be the most used resource in Midwestern Ontario for homeowners and institution managers for new and maintaining their property and business investments and to rely on and appreciate our uniqueness for creating the best personal living space for each individual regardless of income. 